DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

PRODUCT PURCHASE AND RESALE AGREEMENT

This PRODUCT PURCHASE AND RESALE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement” is entered into as of July
15, 2016 (the “Effective Date”), between INVISTA S. a r. I., (“INVISTA”) and The Chemical Company (“Buyer”).
INVISTA and Buyer are each individually referred to as a “Party” and, together, as the “Parties.”

L, Product. The product (“Product”) purchased by Buyer and sold by INVISTA under this Agreement
is Adi-pure® Adipic Acid conforming to the specifications set forth in Exhibit A (the “Specifications”). Buyer shall
consume all Product, provided that Buyer may resell the Product subject to and on the terms of this Agreement.

2; Quantities.

(a) Minimum Quantity. Buyer shall order and purchase from INVISTA during each Contract
Year, a quantity of Product at least equal to the greater of (i) 4000 metric tons (“MT”) of Product and (ii) 80% of its
requirements for adipic acid, either for consumption or resale (the “Minimum Annual Quantity”), provided any resale
of Product is subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. In addition, Buyer shall order and purchase from
INVISTA the volume of Product required by Buyer to resell to INVISTA under Section 8(a) as the INVISTA RePurchase Quantity.

(b) Maximum Quantities. INVISTA will have no liability for any failure to confirm, sell or
deliver to Buyer in any Contract Year a quantity of Product exceeding 6000 MT of Product per Contract Year (the
“Maximum Annual Quantity”). In addition INVISTA will have no liability for any failure to confirm, sell or deliver
to Buyer in any month a quantity of Product exceeding the lesser of (x) six (6) full hopper railcars of Product per
month or (y) 100% of the Month 2 forecasted quantity for the then Month 1 (the “Maximum Monthly Quantity”). In
addition, Buyer will supply above the Maximum Monthly Quantity the volume of Product required by Buyer to resell

to INVISTA under Section 8(a) as the INVISTA Re-Purchase Quantity.

(c) Requested Excess Quantity. Buyer may request Product in amounts exceeding the
Maximum Annual Quantity or Maximum Monthly Quantity (the “Requested Excess Quantity”), and INVISTA may
elect (in its sole discretion and without any obligation) to sell and deliver the Requested Excess Quantity at the Price
and on such terms set forth in this Agreement. If INVISTA elects not to supply to Buyer the Requested Excess
Quantity then (i) INVISTA shall promptly notify Buyer, (ii) Buyer may purchase the Requested Excess Quantity from
other sources, without penalty under this Agreement, and (iii) INVISTA shall credit the amount of the Requested
Excess Quantity in MT toward Buyer’s 80% of its total requirement obligation under Section 2 of this Agreement.

a INVISTA Facilities. INVISTA may source the Product to be sold under this Agreement from
INVISTA’s manufacturing facility in Victoria, Texas (each, an “INVISTA Facility”).

4. Delivery Terms.

(a) Delivery Point. INVISTA shall deliver the Product DAP (Incoterms® 2010 to be used
throughout this Agreement) to Packwell in La Porte, TX (the “Delivery Point”) in full bulk hopper cars.

(b) Title and Risk of Loss. Title, together with risk of loss, damage and contamination, to
Product will pass from INVISTA to Buyer upon delivery at the Delivery Point, in accordance with Section 4(a).

(c) Other Delivery Matters. Buyer shall unload Product at the Delivery Point and promptly
release all transportation equipment. The Parties shall cooperate to the extent needed to coordinate delivery dates and
times. INVISTA does not guarantee specific delivery dates or times. INVISTA shall be solely liable for any
demurrage arising out of the transportation, delivery, loading or storage of Product prior to delivery of the Product at
the Delivery Point. Buyer shall be solely liable for any demurrage arising out of the transportation or storage of
Product after delivery. Buyer shall unload and release to INVISTA the hopper cars within twelve (12) days after
delivery at the Delivery Point. Buyer will pay INVISTA demurrage for each hopper car not released within twelve
(12) days of delivery at the Delivery Point at the rate of $50/day and will be responsible for any damage to the hopper
cars while in Buyer’s custody or control. Demurrage shall be accrued and billed by INVISTA to Buyer on a calendar
quarterly basis with payment due 30 days after each invoice date. If Buyer fails to unload all Product, any remaining
Product will be deemed to have been abandoned and will become the property of INVISTA. Buyer will not receive
any consideration for any abandoned Product and Buyer shall pay any transportation, handling, and/or storage charges
for such Product until it is received and accepted by INVISTA.

5. Term. (a) The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will expire on June
30, 2019 (the “Term”).
(b) Early Termination. The Parties shall meet in May of 2018, to discuss changing the P, used to

calculate the Price under Section 6, within the range of +/-US$75/MT, effective September 1, 2018. Ifthe Parties are
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

unable to agree on a new P,; then either Party may terminate this Agreement, effective August 31, 2018 by providing
notice to the other Party prior to July 1, 2018.

6. Price. (a) The price of the Product (the “Price’”) will be determined each calendar month and will
be equal to an amount determined in accordance with the following formula:

P = P. + 213 *(BZ) + 0.24 *(NH3) + 36 *(NG)

Where:

P = the price for Product in US$/MT (rounded to zero decimal places) for the current calendar month. Price may
also be shown in US$ per pound (Ib), calculated by dividing the price in US$/MT by 2204.623 and rounding to the
nearest two decimal places ($X.XX/Ib).

P.= US$ 425/MT(fixed portion of formula)

BZ = the U.S. monthly contract benzene price, in US dollars per gallon, as published in IHS Chemical (formerly
CMAI) Aromatics Market Weekly for the month that is immediately prior to the current month, rounded to three
decimal places.

NHS3 = the price for ammonia as reported by FERTECON AMMONIA REPORT, under the heading, “FERTECON
PRICE SERVICE”, “AMMONIA PRICE INDICATIONS”, Delivered Prices, “US Gulf/Tampa” — “Tampa”, as the
average of the weekly prices published for the month that is two months prior to the current month, expressed in
US$/MT for anhydrous ammonia, rounded to three decimal places.

NG = the price for natural gas, in US dollars per one million BTUs, as reported by Intercontinental Exchange®
(ICE) as the average “Month Ahead Index” price for the Houston Ship Channel — Houston Pipe Line Pool location
for the month that is immediately prior to the current month, rounded to three decimal places.

(b) Index Ranges. If any of the publications specify the price of any of the above items as a
range, the reference price for adjusting the Price for Product, will be the average of the high and low published
prices for each such item.

(c) Pricing Example: The April 2016 Price under the terms of this Agreement would be
$1013/MT (equal to approximately $0.459/Ib) if the following pricing inputs were used.

Pricing Inputs:
P, = $500/MT, BZ = $1.77/gallon, NH3 = $310/MT, NG = $1.71/mmbtu

Pricing Calculation:
P (US$/MT) = $500 + (213*$1.77) + (0.24*$310) + (36*$1.71)
P = $1013/MT

Ve Forecasts and Orders

(a) Three Month Forecasts. Buyer shall provide to INVISTA, in writing and by the 10% day
of each month of the Term, a rolling forecast by number of full hopper railcars (of approximately 85 tons of Product
per railcar), of its anticipated needs for Product during the immediately following three month period (a “Three Month
Forecast”; the first month of any Three Month Forecast, “Month 1”; the second month of any Three Month Forecast,
“Month 2”; and the third month of any Three Month Forecast, “Month 3”). The quantity of Product designated for
Month | of each Three Month Forecast will be no less than two full railcars of Product less than the forecasted quantity
when such month was Month 2 and no more than the forecasted quantity when such month was Month 2(and in no
event in excess of six (6) railcars unless agreed to by INVISTA). The Month 3 forecasted quantities for that same
month shall represent a non-binding estimate of Buyer’s requirements for that month.

(b) Orders. The quantity of Product designated for Month 1 will constitute a firm, binding and
irrevocable obligation upon Buyer to purchase Product for the number of full hopper railcars shown for Month 1.
Orders for the purchase of individual railcars of Product shall be placed by Buyer no less than 20 days prior to the
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

requested delivery date. No orders for purchase and delivery in any Month | will be final or binding on INVISTA,
unless INVISTA has provided written notice to Buyer that INVISTA has confirmed or accepted such orders.

8. INVISTA Purchase Quantity.

(a) INVISTA Product Purchase. INVISTA shall have the right, but not the obligation to repurchase from Buyer not more than 500 MT of Product per calendar month (each, an “INVISTA Re-Purchase
Quantity”) which Product will be repackaged by Buyer and resold in any package that Buyer resells Product to its
customers.

(b) Forecasting. By the 5" day of each calendar month during the Term, INVISTA shall
provide Buyer with a forecast of the INVISTA Re-Purchase Quantity, in full truckloads, during each of the subsequent
three months (each, an “INVISTA Purchase Forecast”). The first month of the INVISTA Purchase Forecast shall
represent a binding and irrevocable obligation to purchase the number of truckloads stated in the forecast for that
month +/- one truckload. The second and third months of the INVISTA Purchase Forecast shall represent a nonbinding estimate. Orders for the re-purchase of Product shall be placed by INVISTA no less than 25 days prior to the
requested delivery date and will be binding on Buyer unless INVISTA fails to deliver the Product to be used by Buyer
to satisfy its obligation to deliver the INIVSTA Re-Purchase Quantity. Confirmation or acceptance of such orders
shall not be unreasonably withheld by Buyer.

(c) Delivery. The INVISTA Re-Purchase Quantity will be delivered by Buyer to INVISTA
FCA at the Delivery Point in full truck load quantities. Title, together with risk of loss, damage and contamination,
to INVISTA Re-Purchase Quantity will pass from Buyer to INVISTA upon delivery by Buyer at the Delivery Point.

(d) Price. The price of the INVISTA Re-Purchase Quantity will be the Price of Product for
the current month, as set forth in Section 6+ $190/MT.

(e) Invoice. Buyer shall submit an invoice to INVISTA for each shipment of the INVISTA
Re-Purchase Quantity upon or after shipment.

(f) Payment. INVISTA shall pay Buyer in US$ within thirty (30) days of the date of the
invoice, provided that INVISTA may offset the amount due to Buyer from amounts INVISTA owes to Buyer under
this Agreement. INVISTA will be responsible for interest at a rate of 1.5% per month, compounded monthly, or the
maximum rate allowed by applicable Law, whichever is less, on any outstanding amount still due after the due date
for such payment.

(g) Warranty. Buyer warrants at the time of delivery and subject to the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement, that (a) Buyer will redeliver the INVISTA Re-Purchase Quantity in the same condition
and with the same specifications as the Product was delivered by INVISTA that was used to supply the INVISTA RePurchase Quantity, and (b) Buyer delivers to INVISTA good title to INVISTA Re-Purchase Quantity, free and clear
of any liens or encumbrances.

9. Additional Resale Provisions.

(a) Repackaging. Buyer agrees it will resell and deliver the Product only in in small bags each
bag not to exceed 1 MT of Product.

(b) Reserved Market and Customers. INVISTA reserves to itself the exclusive right to offer
and sell Product to the specified markets and customers set forth in Exhibit B and Buyer agrees not to sell or solicit
the sale of Product purchased under this Agreement to those markets or customers listed in Exhibit B.

10. Invoices, Payment and Credit.

(a) Invoices. INVISTA shall submit a summary invoice to Buyer after the last shipment of the
calendar month for Product delivered to Buyer during the month.

(b) Payment. Buyer shall pay INVISTA in US$ within thirty (30) days of the date of the
invoice (the “Payment Due Date”). Buyer will be responsible for interest at a rate of 1.5% per month, compounded
monthly, or the maximum rate allowed by applicable Law, whichever is less (the “Default Interest Rate”), on any
outstanding amount still due after the Payment Due Date.

(c) Credit. INVISTA makes no guarantee of credit or the continuation of credit to Buyer. If
INVISTA determines, in its sole discretion, that Buyer’s creditworthiness or future performance is impaired or
unsatisfactory, INVISTA may upon 15 days prior written notice to Buyer (i) suspend deliveries of Product, (ii) require

 
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

cash-in-advance prepayment; and/or (iii) require Buyer to provide any other collateral (including cash, letter of credit,
guaranty or other security) that INVISTA may request (“Performance Assurance”).

(d) Financial Information. If INVISTA requires any Performance Assurance from Buyer, then
Buyer shall also provide to INVISTA any or all annual reports containing its and its Performance Assurance provider’s
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year (most recent accounting period), prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.

(e) Set-Off. INVISTA may, upon prior written notice to Buyer, set-off, offset, combine
accounts, net dollar amounts of obligations, exercise right of retention or withholding or similar rights to which
INVISTA is entitled (“Set-off’) against any amount that INVISTA owes to Buyer under this Agreement or any other
agreement between the Parties.

 

iF License.

(a) Grant of License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, INVISTA hereby
grants to Buyer, and Buyer hereby accepts, a limited, nontransferable, nonexclusive, revocable, royalty-free license to
use the ADI-Pure® trademark (the “Licensed Trademark”) in connection with the marketing and sale by Buyer of
Product purchased by Buyer from INVISTA under this Agreement (the “Licensed Product”). Buyer may not, in whole
or in part, sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer the rights granted hereunder. All rights not specifically granted to
Buyer hereunder with respect to the Licensed Trademark are reserved to INVISTA.

(b) Information on Sale of Licensed Product. Semi-annually during each Contract Year during
the Term of this Agreement, Buyer shall deliver to INVISTA (or its designee) a sales report for the preceding six
month period that includes (i) all information, data and documentation reasonably requested by INVISTA (or its
designee) regarding the sale of the Product (including, without limitation, for each sale, the customer’s name, end use
and volume of the Licensed Product), and (ii) if requested by INVISTA a certificate of a senior officer of Buyer that
Buyer is in compliance with its obligations under Section 9 and Section 16 of this Agreement.

(c) Proper Use. Buyer shall only use the Licensed Trademark on Licensed Product purchased
from INVISTA under this Agreement. At any time, Buyer agrees to permit INVISTA or INVISTA’s representatives
to inspect its use of the Licensed Trademark. Buyer shall provide INVISTA at least annually with a report in a form
acceptable to INVISTA identifying the impressions of the Licensed Trademark used by Buyer on Product in whatever
format. Other than as provided by the license granted hereunder, Buyer may not make any other use of the Licensed
Trademark absent prior notification to INVISTA of the proposed use.

(d) Advertising Materials. Buyer shall (i) ensure all literature and promotional materials
produced or delivered by Buyer regarding Licensed Products utilizing the Licensed Trademark are approved in
advance in writing by INVISTA before use, (ii) that all such literature and material utilizing the Licensed Trademark
clearly identify Licensed Products as products manufactured by INVISTA or its Affiliates and comply with all other
branding policies and requirements of INVISTA; (iii) bring immediately to the attention of INVISTA any improper
or wrongful use of the Licensed Trademark, INVISTA’s name or trademarks, used in connection with the Licensed
Products; and (iii) not take any action, or omit to take any action, which could compromise or impair the good name
and reputation of INVISTA, its affiliates, any INVISTA products or of any Licensed Trademark.

(e) Usage Guidelines. In all advertising for Licensed Product, in addition to the “®” symbol
(or if instructed by INVISTA the “TM” symbol) displayed adjacent to any Licensed Trademark, Buyer shall also
include such legends describing ownership of the Licensed Trademark as INVISTA may from time to time require.
In addition, INVISTA may from time to time provide reasonable usage guidelines with respect to the Licensed
Trademark and Buyer shall at all times fully comply with such guidelines.

(f) Acknowledgement of Rights and Trademark Protection. Buyer acknowledges that all right,
title and interest to the Licensed Trademarks belong to INVISTA and its Affiliates, that these rights are valid,

subsisting, and enforceable and that all use of the Licensed Trademark by Buyer inures to the benefit of INVISTA and
its Affiliates. In no event shall Buyer’s use of the Licensed Trademark be deemed or construed to create or vest any
right, title, or interest in Buyer to the Licensed Trademark other than the license granted hereunder. Buyer shall take
no action that challenges or questions the validity of the Licensed Trademark or that is inconsistent with INVISTA’s
and its Affiliates’ sole and exclusive rights in the Licensed Trademark. Buyer shall assist INVISTA, to the extent
determined by INVISTA to be necessary or appropriate, upon request by INVISTA, in the registration, maintenance
or other protection of INVISTA’s and its Affiliates’ rights in the Licensed Trademark. Buyer agrees not to register
any trademark, service mark, trade name, domain name, social media or internet designation that is identical or
confusingly similar to the Licensed Trademark. Buyer shall not obtain, and has not obtained, any domain name
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

registrations that incorporate any of the Licensed Trademark or any confusingly similar variation thereof. INVISTA
shall retain ownership of any domain name used by Buyer incorporating the Licensed Trademark or any confusingly
similar variation thereof. If Buyer acquires by act or operation of law or other reason by deed or operation of law any
rights in the Licensed Trademark in any country, Buyer shall notify INVISTA and immediately assign such rights to
INVISTA (or one of its Affiliates as may be designated by INVISTA), together with any goodwill that may have
inured to the benefit of Buyer and any related rights. Buyer further agrees to assign any rights it may acquire to the
Licensed Trademark or any confusingly similar variation thereof to INVISTA (or one of its Affiliates as may be
designated by INVISTA) upon the earlier to occur of INVISTA request or demand for such transfer or the termination
of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Section
of the Agreement apply worldwide and survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

(g) Disclaimer of Representations. INVISTA makes no representations or warranties of any
kind respecting the Licensed Trademark, including but not limited to any warranty of non-infringement or of validity
of INVISTA’s rights in the Licensed Trademark anywhere in the world, and expressly disclaims any and all
representations or warranties respecting the Licensed Trademark that might otherwise be implied by applicable law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, INVISTA shall indemnify and defend or settle (as determined by INVISTA in its sole
discretion) any claim threatened against Buyer or brought in any suit or proceeding against Buyer based on any
allegation that the Licensed Trademark, as used by Buyer in accordance with this Agreement, infringes or violates the
trademark rights of another; provided that (a) Buyer shall promptly notify INVISTA in writing of any such claim, (b)
INVISTA solely controls and conducts the defense and settlement of the claim, (c) Buyer fully and timely cooperates
and provides all requested authority, information and assistance to INVISTA, (d) Buyer has not breached any terms
of the Agreement; and (e) at INVISTA’s instruction, Buyer immediately ceases use of the challenged Licensed
Trademark. In such event, INVISTA upon notice to Buyer may immediately terminate the license to Buyer with
respect to the Licensed Trademark.

(h) Indemnification. Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold INVISTA (and its Affiliates, and
its and their officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives) (the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless against
any loss, liability, damage, fine or penalty, cost or expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, and any direct,
indirect, consequential, incidental or other damages, losses, claims or liabilities, arising out of or related to the sale or
use of the Licensed Product or the use of the Licensed Trademark by Buyer, including but not limited to any claim
brought or threatened against any Indemnified Party arising out of or related to (i) the violation of law or infringement
of any intellectual property rights by Buyer, its affiliates or customers (other than as a result of the use of the Licensed
Trademark under the terms of this Agreement) in connection with their design, manufacture, marketing, promotion,
advertising, merchandising, labeling, packaging, distribution, shipment, import, export, sale or use of the Product,or
(ii) the personal injury or property damage to any third party arising from any such activity.

12. Taxes and Duties. Unless expressly provided otherwise by Incoterms® 2010 as designated in
Section 4(a), Buyer shall pay all taxes, duties, tariffs, consular fees, levies, penalties and other charges imposed by
any governmental authority (the “Duties”) with respect to: (a) this Agreement; (b) the handling or proceeds of Product;
and/or (c) rejection of Product. If any of the Duties are paid, or required to be paid by INVISTA, INVISTA shall send
written notice to Buyer and Buyer shall reimburse INVISTA within 10 days of receipt of notice. INVISTA reserves
to itself all applicable duty drawback allowances and Buyer shall provide assistance in connection with same.

 

IS. Measurement. INVISTA will determine Product quantities using INVISTA’s measurement
equipment at the INVISTA Facility, unless proven to be in error. No adjustments will be made for (a) any quantities
delivered more than 30 days prior to the date of any proven measurement confirming such error, or (b) any claims for
less than 1% of the quantities measured by INVISTA at the INVISTA Facility.

14. Claims. Buyer shall inspect delivered Product promptly after delivery by INVISTA in accordance
with Section 4(a) and before any change to the original delivered condition of Product. Buyer shall notify INVISTA,
in writing, of any Product defect or short within 30 days of receipt of Product. If Buyer fails to give written notice to
INVISTA of any Product defect or short, or processes the Product, within such 30-day period, then that Product will
be deemed to have been accepted by Buyer and Buyer waives all claims with respect thereto.

15. Product Stewardship. Buyer acknowledges the hazards associated with the Product and assumes
the responsibility of distributing proper information with respect to hazards to human health or human or
environmental safety. Ifa Material Safety Data Sheet is provided by (“MSDS”) by INVISTA for the Product, Buyer
shall advise all of its employees, agents, contractors and customers of the MSDS, and any supplementary MSDS or
written warnings that it may receive from INVISTA. In addition, if Buyer believes or has reason to believe the MSDS
or other information provided by INVISTA is inaccurate or insufficient, Buyer will immediately notify INVISTA so
INVISTA can supplement or correct the information. If Buyer fails to timely provide INVISTA with such notice it
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

will be deemed a waiver of any and all claims, demands or causes of action arising from or attributable to the Product
as a result of the inaccurate or insufficient MSDS or other information.

16. Compliance with Laws.

(a) The Parties shall comply with all applicable laws, treaties, conventions, directives, statutes,
ordinances, rules, regulations, orders, writs, judgments, injunctions or decrees of any governmental authority having
jurisdiction (“Laws”) pertaining to the performance of this Agreement, and Buyer shall be solely responsible for
compliance with all Laws applicable to the acquisition, handling or use of Product once that Product has been delivered
by INVISTA in accordance with Section 4(a). Buyer shall obtain, at its expense, any license or consent of any
government or authority that is required for the acquisition, handling or use of Product and provide evidence of same
to INVISTA upon its written request. Failure to timely provide such requested information will entitle INVISTA to
withhold or delay shipment, but will not entitle Buyer to withhold or delay payment. Any expenses or charges incurred
by INVISTA resulting from such failure will be paid by Buyer within 30 days of its receipt of INVISTA’s written
request.

(b) Without limiting the generality of Section 15(a), Buyer shall comply, and shall cause its
affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and other representatives (its “Representatives”) to
comply, with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, the OECD Convention on Combating
Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions and any other Laws dealing with improper
or illegal gifts, gratuities or payments, or commercial or government bribery (“Anticorruption Laws”) and not
otherwise take any steps that would subject INVISTA, its Affiliates or any of their respective Representatives to any
civil or criminal penalties or loss of benefits. In particular, Buyer shall not, and shall cause its Representatives to not,
pay, promise to pay or authorize the payment of any money, or provide anything else of value (including, without
limitation, any gifts, meals, entertainment or travel, or any financial or other advantage), directly or indirectly, to any
(i) individual, (ii) government or regulatory authority, agency or instrumentality, political party or multilateral agency
(a “Government Entity”), (iii) officer, employee or representative of any Government Entity, or such officer’s,
employee’s or representative’s immediate family member (a “Government Official”), or (iv) other person or entity
(each of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv), a “Person”) for the purpose, or where there is a reasonable likelihood, of (v)
inducing such Person to perform improperly, or fail to perform, his or her function or duty, (vi) securing any improper
or undue advantage, or (vii) influencing any act or decision of such Person, or inducing such Person to use his or her
influence to influence or affect any act or decision, in order to obtain or retain business or any advantage- Buyer
acknowledges that the prohibitions in this Section 8(b) include any situation in which Buyer or its Representatives
know, believe or are aware of a reasonable likelihood that the Person receiving the payment will pass the payment
through, in whole or in part, to any Person for any of the foregoing prohibited purposes.

 

(c) No Authorization. Buyer shall not have any right to, either directly or through any of its
Representatives (i) represent INVISTA before any Government Entity or any Government Official; (ii) initiate any
contact with any Government Entity or any Government Official in the name or on behalf of INVISTA; and (iii) make
any payments in the name or on behalf of INVISTA.

(d) International Economic Sanctions and Export Controls. Without limiting the generality of
Section 15(a), Buyer shall comply with all Laws that restrict the sale, supply or delivery of the Product or use of the

Licensed Trademark in and to any destination, country, government, entity or other Person subject to export controls,
economic sanctions or restrictive measures (collectively, “Sanctioned Persons”) related to this Agreement or the use
or resale of the Product. In particular, (i) Buyer confirms that Product is not intended for supply to any Sanctioned
Persons, or for use in the production of goods to be directly or indirectly supplied exclusively or predominantly to any
Sanctioned Persons, to extent such supply or use would be in violation of any Law; and (ii) Buyer shall not directly
or indirectly sell, supply or deliver any Product in connection with the supply to (1) any Person that is designated on
any government denied or restricted parties list (including, without limitation, the BIS Denied Persons List, Entity
List or Unverified List; the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Persons List; the Consolidated U.N. Security Council Sanctions List; or the list of persons,
groups and entities subject to E.U. financial sanctions or restrictive measures) (any such Person, a “Designated
Person”), or (2) any Person, of which the majority of the Person’s issued and outstanding equity interests is owned
directly or indirectly by a Designated Person.

(e) Notices. Buyer shall promptly inform INVISTA of any request it receives to take any
action that might constitute a breach of its obligations under this Section as well as of any action taken by Buyer or
any of its Representatives that might be construed as a violation of Laws under this Section.

 

17, Governing Law and Venue for Disputes. All matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement
will be interpreted in accordance with the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The United

6
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods or any subsequently enacted treaty or convention
will not apply or govern this Agreement or the performance thereof or any aspect of any dispute arising therefrom.
Any action or proceeding between the Parties, relating to this Agreement, will be commenced and maintained
exclusively in the state or federal courts in Wilmington, Delaware and each Party submits itself unconditionally and
irrevocably to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. INVISTA, however, reserves the right to take legal action
against Counterparty in any jurisdiction necessary to enforce any judgment rendered in connection with this
Agreement. BOTH PARTIES EACH WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION, CLAIM, OR
PROCEEDING RELATED TO THE AGREEMENT.

18. Limited Warranty. INVISTA warrants only, at the time of delivery and subject to the other terms
and conditions of this Agreement, that (a) Product will conform to the Specifications, and (b) INVISTA delivers to
Buyer good title to Product, free and clear of any liens or encumbrances. Upon INVISTA’s delivery of the Product
at the Delivery Point, Buyer assumes all risk and liability for its acquisition, handling or use of Product. EXCEPT
FOR THE FOREGOING, INVISTA DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. ANY
DETERMINATION OF THE SUITABILITY OF PRODUCT FOR THE USE CONTEMPLATED BY BUYER
WILL BE BUYER’S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, INVISTA makes
no representation or warranty with respect to, and assumes no responsibility for, results obtained or damages incurred
in connection with Buyer’s use of technical advice, services or recommendations from INVISTA.

19. Limitation of Liability and Remedies. INVISTA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES; LOST
OR PROSPECTIVE PROFITS; LOST EARNINGS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION. Buyer’s sole and exclusive
remedy from INVISTA for any cause of action under this Agreement, including for failure to deliver or late delivery
is, at INVISTA’s option, limited exclusively to: (a) for nonconforming Product, either (i) replacement of the
nonconforming Product; or (ii) refund of the portion of the Price paid and attributable to such nonconforming
Product,and (b) for Product that is delivered late, refund of the Price attributable to the late-delivered Product (subject
to return of the late-delivered Product to the Delivery Point as a condition of such refund). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, however, INVISTA’s cumulative liability will never exceed the Price of the ordered Product that was
the direct cause of the alleged loss, damage or injury. IN ANY EVENT, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
REFUND OF THE PRICE FOR THE ORDERED PRODUCT THAT WAS THE CAUSE OF THE ALLEGED LOSS,
DAMAGE OR INJURY WILL PREVENT THE FOREGOING REMEDIES FROM FAILING OF THEIR
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, AND THAT SUCH REMEDY IS FAIR AND ADEQUATE.

20. Available Remedies. If Buyer: (a) breaches any of its obligations in this Agreement otherwise
terminates due to the actions or omission of Buyer; or (b) is subject to any bankruptcy proceeding (including filing a
petition or commencing a proceeding or cause of action under any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar
Law; making an assignment or any general arrangement for the benefit of creditors; having a bankruptcy petition filed
against it and such petition is not withdrawn or dismissed within 30 days after such filing; becoming bankrupt or
insolvent; having a bankruptcy official appointed with respect to it or any substantial portion of its property or assets:
or becoming generally unable to pay its debts as they fall due); then INVISTA, without liability to Buyer, may upon
written notice to Buyer (provided no notice is needed under (b)): (w) suspend its performance under, or terminate, this
Agreement; (x) cause any and all obligations of Buyer (including payments or deliveries due) to become immediately
due or deliverable; (y) Set-off against any amount that INVISTA owes to Buyer under this Agreement or any other
agreement between the Parties; and/or (z) seek any other rights or remedies to which INVISTA may be entitled. If
INVISTA suspends performance under this Agreement and any Product otherwise designated for delivery to Buyer
can be sold to a third party, then INVISTA will be entitled to sell such Product to such third party, without prior notice
or liability to Buyer. These rights will be cumulative and alternative and in addition to any other rights or remedies
to which INVISTA may be entitled. Buyer shall pay all reasonable expenses incurred by INVISTA in connection
with Buyer’s default, and the Default Interest Rate will accrue on all such expenses incurred by INVISTA.

21. Excused Performance.
(a) Performance Excuses. Each Party will be excused from performing its obligations under

this Agreement (except Buyer’s payment obligations), without liability to the other Party, if performance is prevented
or delayed by (i) any fire, explosion, flood, unusually severe or abnormal weather, riot or other civil disturbance, war,
act of terrorism, or action of government; (ii) voluntary or involuntary compliance with any Law or request of any
governmental authority; (iii) any strike, lockout or other labor difficulty; (iv) any failure of usual sources of raw
materials or other sources of supply for Product; (v) any unavailability of or interference with the usual means of
transporting Product (or the raw materials for Product); (vi) any failure of computer systems to operate properly;
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

(vii) any destruction or loss of electronic records or data; (viii) any failure of mechanical function or chemical process
or equipment used in manufacturing, handling or delivering Product, or any raw material used in manufacturing
Product; (ix) any unit, facility or site shutdown; (x) any necessity to not operate, or to reduce operation of, equipment
in order to protect the safety of people or to protect the environment; or (xi) any force majeure event or other
circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the Party seeking excuse from performance (each of clauses (i) through
(xi), a “Performance Excuse”). Ifa Party determines that a Performance Excuse exists, then the Party shall notify the
other of the circumstances and consequences claimed and shall use commercially reasonable means to remove the
cause or causes in question. No Party, however, will be obligated to settle any demands of, or disputes with, laborers.
Buyer will not be excused from paying monies due or complying with INVISTA’s credit terms. Quantities of Product
affected by a Performance Excuse will be deleted from this Agreement, but this Agreement and each Party’s
obligations will otherwise continue in full force and effect for the Term with respect to all quantities of Product not
affected by a Performance Excuse. In periods of shortage of Product due to a Performance Excuse, INVISTA may
apportion, in an equitable manner, any remaining INVISTA inventory of Product available to INVISTA from the units
and facilities affected by the Performance Excuse (excluding, all reserved, committed, in-transit, delivered or
consigned inventory) among its customers, its Affiliates and itself. INVISTA will not be required to obtain Product
to replenish any shortage of Product arising as a result of a Performance Excuse. If INVISTA acquires any quantity
of Product following a Performance Excuse, then INVISTA may use, distribute or allocate, without apportioning, such
Product in its sole discretion.

(b) Commercial Impracticability or Hardship. INVISTA also will be excused from performing

its obligations under, and may suspend its performance or terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part, without
liability to Buyer if, for any reason: (i) any of the units, facilities or sites at which Product (or the feedstock for Product)
is made shuts down; or (ii) INVISTA incurs a loss on a full cost basis on the sale of Product under this Agreement.

22. Adverse Impact of Law. If, at any time after the Effective Date, any applicable Laws are amended
or enacted, or proposed to be amended or enacted, that would have an adverse economic impact upon INVISTA
(including any Laws that would cause INVISTA to bear the costs of installing antipollution equipment or in any way
alter, or alter the use of, any INVISTA Facility) (an “Adverse Law Impact”), INVISTA may request reimbursement
from Buyer for a proportionate share of the actual costs incurred as a result of the Adverse Law Impact. INVISTA
agrees to provide documentation as reasonably requested by Buyers to verify the amount of the costs expected to be
incurred due to the Adverse Law Impact. If a request for reimbursement is requested and the Buyer does not agree to
the reimbursement proposed by Seller within thirty days after the date of request, Seller may terminate this Agreement
by providing written notice to Buyers.

23. Successor and Assigns. This Agreement binds and inures to the benefit of all Parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Buyer shall not assign any interest in, nor delegate any obligation under
this Agreement without INVISTA’s prior written consent. Any assignment or attempted assignment in contravention
of the foregoing will be null and void, will be considered a breach of this Agreement, and INVISTA may, in addition
to any other rights it has, terminate this Agreement.

24, Entire Agreement, Waiver and Amendment. This Agreement embodies the entire understanding
between the Parties. The English version of this Agreement is the governing version; any translation of this Agreement
is nonbinding. Waiver by any Party of any breach of the terms of this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of
any other breach. Any provision of this Agreement found to be invalid or unenforceable will not affect the validity
or enforceability of its other provisions. The terms of this Agreement can only be modified in a future amendment
executed by all Parties that: (a) specifically refers to this Agreement; (b) specifically identifies the term amended; and
(c) is signed by duly authorized representatives of all Parties.

25. Notices. All notices or communications required under this Agreement will be in writing and will
be deemed received on the day of delivery if delivered by hand, recognized overnight courier or delivery service, or
facsimile (with written confirmation of the completed transmittal); and will be deemed received within 3 business
days if mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid. All notices or communications required under this
Agreement will be addressed to the receiving Party at the address set forth below:

INVISTA Buyer

INVISTA S.a'r.l. The Chemical Company
Attention: Kevin Kenaley Attention: Robb Roach
2801 Centerville Road 44 Southwest Avenue
Three Little Fall Centre Post Office Box 436
Wilmington, DE 19808 Jamestown, RI 02835-0436
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

26. Independent Contractors and Third Party Beneficiaries. INVISTA and Buyer are independent
contractors only and not involved as parties with any other similar legal relationship with respect to this Agreement
or otherwise, nor does any other relationship, imposing vicarious liability exist between the Parties under this
Agreement or otherwise at Law. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of INVISTA and Buyer and will not confer
upon or give to any third party any right, claim, cause of action or interest.

27. Interpretation; Definitions. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires (a) words
using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively; (b) “Section” refers to the
specified section of this Agreement, and “clause” refers to the specified clause of this Agreement; (c) “including”
means including without limitation; (d) “excluding” means excluding without limitation; (e) “day” means a calendar
day; (f) “month” means a calendar month; (g) “Contract Year” means the 12 month period beginning on the Effective
Date or any anniversary of the Effective Date; (h) “Affiliate” means any Person that directly or indirectly, through
One or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, and “control”
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of such Person, whether through ownership of voting stock, ownership interest or securities; (i) “Person”
means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, firm, joint venture, association, joint
enterprise, joint-stock company, trust, proprietorship, unincorporated organization, or other legal entity; (j) “MT”
means metric ton; and (k) “US$” means US Dollars. Captions and section headings are for convenience only and not
to be used in interpreting this Agreement. No course of dealing, course of performance, or usage of trade will be
considered in the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement.

 

 

28. Counterparts and Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts or duplicate originals, all of which when taken together will constitute one and the same agreement.
Electronic and facsimile copies of an original executed signature page (including copies electronically transmitted in
portable document format or “.pdf”) will be deemed the same as the original executed signature page. Electronically
executed versions of a signature page through the DocuSign, Inc. electronic signing system implemented by INVISTA
will also be deemed the same as an original, manually executed signature page. At the request of any Party at any
time, the Parties shall promptly confirm all electronic or facsimile copies, and all electronically executed versions, of
any signature page by manually executing and delivering a duplicate original signature page.

[Signature Page Follows]
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

  

The Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement by their duly authorize¢

Effective Date.

INVISTA The Chemical Compan
Name: Bill Greenfield Name:

Title: Authorized Signatory Title:
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

Exhibit A

Product Specifications

“LGA” grade Adi-pure® adipic acid produced at the INVISTA Facility

LAsh, ppm, maximum TNL 1008

   
 

    
   

Methanol Solution Color (APHA), maximum NIL 1016
Total nitrogen (TN) mpm maximum NIL 1018

po ppm maximum ST

Appearance: White, crystalline powder which is free of foreign matter.

    
      

1]
DocuSign Envelope ID: D4D161EB-94C1-4D4F-9638-5231AD4BB3E0

Exhibit B
Markets and Customers Reserved to INVISTA

RESERVED MARKET:
Bulk adipic acid — defined as the market for adipic acid in packages or delivery vessels greater than one
(1) MT in size.

RESERVED CUSTOMERS:
Arkema, Inc

Ashland

BASF Corp. Canada

BASF Corp. USA

Chemtura USA Corp.

Coim USA, Inc.

Covestro, LLC (USA)

Rohm and Haas Company (Dow)
Georgia Pacific Chemical, LLC
Lubrizol Advanced Materials
MGC Advanced Polymers, Inc.
Polyone Canada, Inc.
Polyurethane Specialties Corporation, Inc
Solenis, LLC

The HallStar Company

Solvay USA, Inc.
