AMENDMENT NO, 2
TO
ADI-PURE® ADIPIC ACID SALES AGREEMENT

This Amendment No. 2 (this “Amendment No.2”) to the Adi-pure® Adipic Acid Sales
Agreement is made and entered as of January 1, 2019, by and among INVISTA S.4 r.l. (“Seller”) and
MGC Advanced Polymers (“Buyer”).

A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase Agreement for Raw Materials, made
and entered into as of January 1, 2014 (the “Sales Agreement”); and

B. Seller and Buyer desire to amend the Sales Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE, Seller and Buyer hereby amend the Agreement as follows:

1 Amendment of Section 1 (Term). Section 1 of the Sales Agreement is hereby deleted and
replaced in its entirety as follows:

“This Agreement will commence on January 1, 2014 (the “Effective Date”)
and will continue up to and including December 31, 2020 (the “Term”). When
used in this Agreement a “Contract Year” will consist of the 12 month period
beginning on the Effective Date or anniversary of such date and ending 12
months thereafter during the Term of this Agreement”

2. Amendment of Section 3 (Quantity). Section 3 of the Sales Agreement is hereby deleted
and repiaced as follows:

(a) “During each Contract Year during the Term of this Agreement, MGC
Advanced Polymers shall order and purchase from Seller and Seller shall
sell and deliver to MGC Advanced Polymers the Minimum Quantity of
Product set forth below:

Minimum Annual Maximum Annual
Contract Quantity Contract Quantity

75% of MGC Advanced

Adi-pure® Adipic Polymers' aggregate
Acid purchase requirements of
Adipic Acid

4,500 Metric Tons

 

(b) Notwithstanding the forgoing and unless otherwise agreed by Seller,
MGC Advanced Polymers shall not order from Seller, and Seller shall not
be obligated to sell or deliver to MGC Advanced Polymers, more than
400 metric tons of Product in any calendar month (“Maximum Monthly
Quantity”), nor more than the Maximum Annual Quantity of Product in
any Contract Year, during the Term.

(c) MGC Advanced Polymers will be under no obligation to order any
specific minimum quantity of Product to the extent that MGC Advanced
Polymers has no purchase requirements.

(d)} Notwithstanding the Maximum Annual Contract Quantity set forth in
Section 3(a) above and the Maximum Monthly Quantity set forth in

 
Section 3(b) above, if in any month during the Term Buyer’s
requirements exceed the Maximum Monthly Quantity and Buyer wishes
to purchase additional Product from Seller or Seller wishes to sell
additional Product to Buyer, Buyer and Seller shall work together in good
faith to attempt to agree on a basis for Seller to sell and Buyer to purchase
spot volumes of Product (“Spot Quantities”) at a price and quantity and
delivery schedule mutually acceptable to the parties but otherwise under
the terms and conditions of this Agreement. For clarity, such Spot
Quantities shall not be counted towards volume requirements set forth in
this Section 3, and such Spot Quantities can be sold at a price that may be
different than the price calculated under this Agreement for the quantities
within the Maximum Monthly Quantity sold and delivered within the
same month of delivery, but shall be determined in accordance with the
process set out in this Section 3. Seller and shall report to Buyer aggregate
Contract Quantities and Spot Quantities on a monthly basis during the
Term, and Buyer will confirm such reports.

(e

ee”

If, at any point during the Agreement Term, Buyer’s aggregate purchase
requirements for Product exceed any Maximum Quantity contained in this
Agreement, Buyer may request an amendment to the Estimated Annuai
Contract Quantity, Maximum Annual Contract Quantity, and Maximum
Monthly Quantity. If Buyer and Seller agree to such change in writing,
these amended quantities will supersede any related terms and conditions
of previous dates.”

(f) All references of Quantity and Product contained herein are defined by
Product Specifications in Appendix I. If Product meeting such Sales
Specifications is 1) able to be bought by Buyer and 2) able to be sold by
Seller, it is at the sole discretion of the Seller to elect which grade of
Product shall be used to fulfill the delivery.

3. Amendment of Appendix I (Product Specifications). Appendix 1 of the Sales Agreement
is hereby deleted and replaced as follows:

 

Product Specifications

All information contained in this Appendix I is considered highly confidential and strictly subject to the Terms in
Conditions as defined in Exhibit A of this Agreement.

Large Grain Adipic Acid (“LGA”):

              

ee PROPERTN VALUE ne est Method
| ironasFe,ppmmaximum |S NIL 1007 |
("Total nitrogen (TN) mpm maximum | __'15 «| —=NIL 1018

| Coto (Alpha) (tC NL IG
| ss Transmittance-UV(%) | 900 | CVA SOC
: Purity (% 99.8 ‘NILIOM

 

Appearance: White, crystalline powder which is free of foreign matter.

 
Free-Flo Adipic Acid (“FFA”) - Confidential and Proprietary:

     
  
 
 
 

         

  
 
  

Snes ge ES PROPER T Versi cal pete sah aided ae js Test Method:
| Water, wt%, maximum | 20 1004
Pp Color (Alpha) NIL 1016
| Transmittance-UV(%) 90.0 | VASO

Dodecanedioic Acid, ppm maximum

Appearance: White, crystalline

4. Amendment of Appendix ff (Product Pricing and Pricing Changes). Appendix IE of the

Sales Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced as follows:

(a) Price: The Selling Price (P) for Product will be determined each calendar
month, with a pricing sheet accompanying the monthly price notification.
The Selling Price will be determined using the following formula:

P = Pe + 229 *(BZ) + 0.27 *(NH3) + 38 *(NG)

Where:
P = the Selling Price for Product in U.S. dollars per metric ton (rounded to
the nearest whole $) for the current calendar month.

Pc = US$ 850 per metric ton for shipments of LGA (at Seller’s election)
Pe = US$ 825 per metric ton for shipments of FFA (at Seller’s election)

BZ = the U.S. monthly contract benzene price, in US dollars per gallon,
as published in HIS Chemical (formerly CMAI} Aromatics Market
Weekly for the month immediately preceding the current month, rounded
to three decimal places.

NH3 = the price for ammonia as reported by FERTECON AMMONIA
REPORT, under the heading, “FERTECON PRICE SERVICE”,
“AMMONIA PRICE INDICATIONS”, Delivered Prices, “US
Gulf/Tampa” — “Tampa”, as the average of the weekly prices published
for the month that is fwo months prior to the month product is shipped,
expressed in US$ per metric ton for anhydrous ammonia, rounded to three
decimal places.

NG = the unrounded NYMEX Henry Hub natural gas futures closing
price on the contract settlement date, as expressed in US$ per MMBtu for
the month that is one month immediately prior to the month Product is
shipped.

(b) Ifthe benzene, natural gas and/or ammonia publications specify the price
as a range, the reference price for adjusting the price for Product, will be
the average of the high and low published prices.

(c) Pricing Example: The December 2018 Adipic Acid price for Bulk
Trucks (delivered to Buyer’s facility) under the terms proposed in this

 
agreement would be $1708/metric ton for LGA; $1683/metric ton for
FFA.

LGA Bulk Truck Pricing Example Inputs:
Pc = $850/ton BZ = $2.80/gallon, NH3 = $355/ton, NG = $3.19/mmbtu

LGA Bulk Truck Pricing Example Caiculation:

P ($/mt) = $850 + (229*$2.80) + (0.27*$355) + (38*$3.19)
P= $850 + 641.20 + 95.85 + 121.22

P = $1708/mt

“ Certain Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined in this
Amendment No. 2, have the meanings ascribed to them in the Sales Agreement.

6. Ratification and Authority. The Sales Agreement, as amended by this Amendment No, 2,
is hereby ratified and, except as expressly modified by this Amendment No. 2, remains in full force and
effect. Each of Seller and Buyer possesses all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this
Amendment No. 2 and ratify the Sales Agreement, as amended by this Amendment No. 2. The Sales
Agreement and this Amendment No. 2 have been duly executed and delivered by each of Seller and
Buyer.

7. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. This Amendment No. 2 will be governed by
and construed in accordance with Section 18 of the Terms and Conditions of Sale attached as Exhibit A of
the Sales Agreement, and any dispute arising out of, relating to or in connection with this Amendment
No. 2, including the breach, termination or validity hereof, will be resolved in accordance with Section 18
of the Terms and Conditions of Sale attached as Exhibit A of the Sales Agreement.

6, Counterparts and Electronic Copies. This Amendment No.2 may be executed in
counterparts or duplicate originals, all of which will be regarded as one and the same instrument, and
which will be the official and governing version in the interpretation of this Amendment No.2. This
Amendment No. 2 may be executed by facsimile signatures or signatures by electronic transmission, and
such signatures will be deemed to bind each of Seller and Buyer as if they were original signatures.

{Signature Page Follows]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of Seller and Buyer has caused this Amendment No. 2 to be
executed and delivered by its duly authorized representative as of the date first above written.

   

 
   

Seller:

INVISTA S.a r.L.

2

Name: __ Gree Gree Arse

Title: Audhe- ted S; nabs

Buyer:

MGC Advanced Polymers

By: a

Name:

Title: GY7 KAASLOCES Cobeetl? ZA

 
